The air is oppressively still in this clearing. The dense forest around it blocks much of the day's fading light.
What light there is may just as well be coming from the moon, out full and early in the dimming sky.
Your eyes still catch nearly every detail. A fallen branch here, a rustling bush there.
The eyes of those with you are not so adept. Even by the torchlight that some carry, the uneven ground here is a tripping hazard.
As a result, you've pulled ahead of the group and nearly reached the house yourself when you notice it.
The stumbling feet and occasional curses from the group behind you have vanished completely.
Your ears swivel, and then your head, but it's too late.
The ground, uneven yet stable behind you moments ago has fissured. Jagged and bottomless grooves have swallowed the posse.
Some you see hanging on to crumbling ledges and roots. They look to be calling out to you, to each other for help, but no sound reaches your ears.
With the barest shudder for such violence, their last remaining handholds and footholds crumble away, as does the ground beneath you.
You freeze up as your body pitches downwards.
You've dreamt of falling before, but your unconscious mind could not emulate the numb terror filling you now.
The moon recedes before your grasping hand.
You wordlessly realize you won't be making it home after all.
The moon recedes before your grasping hand as you mutter out a silent apology to Aria.
You won't be around to soothe her loneliness after all.
For now, mom is waaaaay too mad to tell her about you.
She said she'd be right back. You gotta hide before she returns!
Aria fidgets, nervous, then she glances at her open toybox.
That will work! Since it was a toy before, your body should be able to...
She waves her hand and you feel your body, your limbs go numb as they shrink tight to you.
In an instant, you fall to the floor, doll-sized once more.
Aria picks you up and deposits you inside her toy box. You see through your eyes, but your mouth does not move.
I'm so, so, soooooo sorry, but this will just be for a bit! Just until Mom cools off!
As if on cue, you hear a door downstairs.
Shhhhh!
Aria closes the lid on the box. The world goes dark.
At first you hear nothing. Then, unintelligible snippets of an increasingly fiery argument.
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}No! NO!{/shader} You can't do this, Mom!! She's my friend! {shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}She's my friend!!{/shader}
When will you learn, Aria? You're not allowed to play with your food.
The box cracks open. Aria sobs. You see a hand reaching in towards you. Then, in and instant, you see and feel nothing at all.
Your body freezes as you feel a hand on your shoulder.
You feel a change in the air, a pressure unlike anything you've experienced before.
Some prime instinct, a fear buried deep, roots your body in place. You don't even dare to turn your face.
You're not supposed to be here.
Her grip tightens on your shoulder, and you feel stabbing pain throughout your body as your soul is forcibly separated from your conscious mind.
You couldn't fight it even if you knew how. You can't even let out a cry of terror or pain before it is over.
Everything goes dark.
Me? I'm fine. But we have to hurry, the suns going down!
She's right. The sun is dropping low. Darkness will be here soon.
I have everything set up, already.
She settles you down in the now-familiar circle. You take what will probably be your last look around this attic.
You're oddly nostalgic for the space.
Hey.
Are you ready to go?
Some part of you wants to pepper Aria with questions, follow up on the concerns the mob from town raised on the way here.
But you see how Aria is just barely holding together, resolved to honor her promise.
You won't sully her effort, and you trust her. Whatever the truth may be.
Yeah, I'm ready.
You think of the posse in the forest, the fears they shared, the trembling hands gripping their pitchforks.
I didn't see your mom when I came in. Is she gone so soon after getting back?
No, she was... mad. I don't think she's gonna leave me alone again for a bit.
You would expect her to be more excited about her mom being around more, but mostly Aria looks troubled.
She only left just now to /'take care of some pests in the woods/.'
Your mind spins rational explanations.
Perhaps she's already aware of the danger and off to go and aid the town?
Or... perhaps...
There is a next question to ask, but you can't quite bring it to your lips before you notice the sky growing truly dark.
You may not have every answer, in fact you're not sure you want them, but you do know for certain that you can't spend any more time searching.
You need to go home.
That might be for the best. It's probably better for you if you don't have to explain me being here.
I think I'm ready, Aria. Send me home.
You were asleep for this the first time, so you're not quite sure what to expect. You feel something like a static charge in your fur as the ritual begins.
Thank you, Aria.
Not just for sending me back, but... for bringing me here, too. I'm glad it was me you summoned.
Her smiling facade cracks a little.
I'll miss you.
I'm grateful it was you, too.
I hope things get better for you in Cleveland.
Me too. I think they will.
I may not meet the requirements for your spell anymore, but you're welcome to peer in on me in your mirror anytime.
And 'Jophiel' will still be here for you even when I'm gone.
I think I like Serena even better than Jophiel.
You feel the magic swell beneath you. Your body grows light as your soul and conscious mind begin to separate.
The last you see of this world is the tear stained smile of the young sorceress.
When you woke up in your world again, it would have been easy enough to dismiss everything you experienced as nothing but a vivid dream.
Even if you did lose far more time than usual "sleeping." Even if your own body felt strangely foreign for a little while.
Even if, around Halloween, the sight of a child in a witch hat made you choke up.
You didn't dismiss it, though. It was real enough for you. And you were going make good on what you told Aria. You would find ways to enjoy life again.
After all, if she was going to look in on you from time to time, you wanted to make your life an adventure.
Yeah.
You feel the magic swell beneath you. Your body grows light as your soul and conscious mind begin to separate.
While you were focused on Aria, even your sensitive ears missed the footsteps on the stairs.
The last you see of this world is the tear stained face of the young sorceress, gazing up, anxious, at her returned mother.
You don't know what happened to her next.
You returned to your world. If anyone noticed you were gone, they didn't show it.
It would have been easy to dismiss everything that happened as a vivid dream. And you tried to. Even when you lost nearly a whole day "sleeping." Even when your own body felt strangely foreign to you afterward.
Even when, around Halloween, just the sight of a kid in a witch hat made your heart twist in your chest.
You told yourself it was a dream. It had to be. Aria didn't exist except as some strange corner of your subconscious.
One that was urging you to live life a little more like it matters, maybe.
...Or maybe just to call your mom.
What was the other option, after all? If it was all real, if she did exist in some other world...
Then that hand on her shoulder was also real. And so was the look of dread in her eyes when she looked up.
And also, just as real, was the fact that you left, and there's nothing you can do now.








So you went back to your life. And you tried not to think about the strange dream, or the ways things might have changed if you had let them.
You almost jump out of your skin when you feel something touch your arm.
Aria hisses a whisper at you.
SERENA!! Mom's gonna be really mad if she finds us down here!
Whatever game you were playing before, even Aria has dropped it in this place.
I'm {i}suuuper{/i} not allowed in mom's workshop. I've never been down here before. She'll know we came in.
Aria is preoccupied, glancing back at the stairs. Too worried about you and now her mom, she hasn't taken a good look around yet.
Aria, this is very bad. Where is your mom?
Where is your mom right now?
She was already really, really, {i}really{/i} mad when I wasn't here. I didn't think she'd be leaving me alone again any time soon.
But then she said something about /'pests in the forest/' and told me to stay here and wait until she came back.
You know that your time is limited. This room, the stories you heard, the town's fears.
You feel certain that if you're still here when Aria's mother returns, you will not survive.
If the mob arrives instead, you're pretty sure the result will be the same.
Aria, I don't want to scare you, and I don't say this as a game or to hurt you.
Your mom made that damage in the forest. The one who's been taking people? It's her.
You take a deep, shuddering breath. And then you drop the pit from your stomach into hers.
And I'm pretty sure that if I'm still here when she gets back... she'll kill me.
Aria stares at you and stammers weakly in protest.
No- no, you've... You've been so nice to me, and you even said you'd stay! She wouldn't! She wouldn't...
Aria, do you remember the adventurers we met in the woods?
She nods. You direct her eyes up to the shelf in front of you.
She... she's done something to them. Something very, very bad.
I think I, this body, your... toy. I think I was someone else before. Someone who met the same fate as them and I don't know how many others.
And when she comes back...
You swallow hard.
That'll be me. Again.
She stares at the doll-sized people for what feels like an eternity. Her own panicked tears begin to well in her green eyes.
I know, I know it is a lot to process. But, Aria, I have to go-
She looks at you now. Her lip trembles.
You take a deep breath, trying desperately to steady yourself.
And I think you should come with me.
You want to live, but you aren't prepared to sacrifice her to whatever life she might face here.
This is also a lot of information all at once, most of it life-changing. You can see her mind spinning.
You crouch down to her level, and you take her hands in yours.
{i}You{/i} are my Weald Queen, Aria. And I, Jophiel, am your right hand.
Enemies approach us now from several fronts. As your trusted guardian, your safety is paramount to me.
But I am still new to this realm, and I require your might and cunning.
Please, Aria.{p}I can't get us to safety alone.
She considers you silently at first.
The immediate dangers aside, the revelations you've brought seem to have shaken her, but not to her foundations.
You suspect some part of her knew already. Her imagined worlds and daring escapades a welcome distraction from her harsh reality.
We...
We probably can't just run away through the Weald.
Right, you've got little legs.
And Mom knows the forest reaaally well.
Thinking about your options, she tugs on her hat nervously.
But then she looks up, with a wide smile.
Right! My hat! The buckle!
I'm not as skilled as Mom, but I could probably reverse the enchantment on it.
What would that do?
Rather than bring me to her, it could send us away! Only...
Only?
I can't control where it goes. It might be really far from here.
You're silent, thinking about her suggestion when you hear the door upstairs creak open.
The way Aria freezes, you don't have to ask who it is.
You take hold of her hands again.
It's okay, Aria. I'm here with you, and wherever we end up, I won't leave you alone.
She nods and grips your hands tighter.
She closes her eyes and pulls you close. Her buckle begins to glow with a deep purple hue.
In an instant, the two of you are somewhere else. It isn't easy to start over when you don't know where you are or where you're going. But the two of you are together.
Whether it be school, work, your relationships or your goals, you half-assed everything in your life before. But you throw yourself into this with determination you didn't know you had in you.
You try to find opportunities to make Aria smile every day. It isn't easy taking care of someone else, but you can't imagine anything more worth doing.
It's you and her in a new world. She summoned you because she needed you, and until she no longer needs you, you'll be by her side.
We need to go.
Aria hesitates one last time.
Then she throws her arms around you... and her hat on your head.
Goodbye, Serena.
In an instant, you are somewhere else.
It isn't easy to start over when you don't know where you are, but you throw yourself into it. You have a destination, and you won't get there without all your effort.
You know you came from the Kaistr Weald. There is a nearby capital city, Rimmond. You even remember the town's name, Woldthwaite.
You ask a lot of questions, more than most people can even answer, but slowly you understand the basics of this foreign world.
Once you have your bearings and save enough to buy a map, you return there. To the Weald. To Aria's cottage.
The cottage is empty. The basement cleared out, and the attic, too. You don't know where Aria and her mother went, and the trail here goes cold.
Without Aria, you are as unmoored in this world as you were in Cleveland. But you aren't stuck anymore, and you've proven resilient carving out a living here.
You wanted to stay here as a second chance at living. You'll have to figure out what that means for yourself.
It was a rainy Tuesday night.
You came home from work to your small studio apartment, changed into sweatpants, grabbed a drink from the fridge and sat on the floor in front of your TV because it was more comfortable than your shitty IKEA couch.
You flipped through channels and eventually settled on a network game show you remembered watching with your grandmother when you were little.
It's more commercials than content now, so you quickly got bored and started scrolling on your phone.
A friend of yours from high school posted some engagement photos. Another made a pregnancy announcement.
You thought about congratulating them, but you haven't spoken to either of them in years. Best case scenario, they would invite you to some celebratory event you couldn't afford to attend.
Besides, you've already called in enough days at work that requesting any more would probably get you fired. So instead you drank and kept scrolling, eyes half glazed over.
Eventually you can't keep your eyes open at all anymore. You lean your head back against your couch and fall asleep, wishing you could be anyone and anywhere else.
{alpha=0.0}When you open your eyes again, you are no longer in your apartment

Hello? Helloooo? Is anyone in there?
Blink twice if you can hear me!
They're not blinking.
{shader=jitter:3.0, 3.0}THEY'RE NOT BLINKIN-{/shader}
Wait, you don't have eyelids.
Uhhh... How about nodding?
Maybe with a little help...
A small hand reaches out to touch your head.
It's warm.
You sit up.
Above you is an unfamiliar ceiling. Pitched wooden beams over a small attic.
Early light streams golden through the window. The morning birdsong is foreign but beautiful.
The walls are strewn with drawings, the uneven floor littered with books and candles.
There is a small, unmade bed in the corner, a disheveled arrangement of sheets and leather tomes.
The owner of which peers over her hat at you, uncomfortably close now.
You shift away, and she skitters back.
Hey! You moved! That's great!! It worked!! I'm AMAZING!!!
Where am I? Who are you? What's going on? Why-
You are becoming aware of your body in spurts. Currently seated, your hands support you.
The ground feels tacky to touch, prompting you to really see it... and your hands.
Why is the ground covered in blood? {shader=jitter:2.0, 2.0}WHY ARE MY HANDS PAWS?!?{/shader}
I'm Aria! You're my favorite doll!
{i}"Jophiel the Duskborn, catfolk master thief
Right hand of the Weald Queen! Unmatched in the fields of battle AND wits-{/i}"
My name is Serena.
I'm an Uber driver from Cleveland.
What on Earth are you talking about?
Ah! That's just the thing! You're not on {i}Earth{/i} anymore at all!
I've summoned you here, {i}Jophiel{/i}, to help me perform a mighty deed.
We're going on a {b}{i}Quest.{/i}{/b}
AREN'T YOU EXCITED?!
The young girl beams. The blood-drawn ritual circle under you is starting to dry on the raw wood planks.
You make one last futile attempt at normalcy.
Is this... is this some kind of TikTok trend? Is someone filming me right now?
What's a TikTok?
Is it like a clock?? I don't have a clock, silly!
I'm not allowed around time anymore.
...
...
...
You change the subject.
That hat... are you some kind of witch? Assuming any of this is real at all and it's not just a really weird dream.
You had a slice of mushroom and black olive pizza last night, but they were just {i}button mushrooms{/i}, right? Not the other kind...?
Ahem. I am a SORCERESS, not a witch!
The hat is for style.
She poses, obviously trying to appear cool.
You brush some dust off your knee and stand.
You're a little taller than you were before, probably, although there isn't anything familiar to measure against in here.
Great, so you're a sorceress, and I'm a... toy? A five-foot talking cat?
You feel the pointed ears in your hair and the weight of a long, thin tail stretching out behind you.
Well, Jophiel-
It's Serena.
Hmmmm... That doesn't sound like much of a {i}quest{/i} name. 'Serenas" don't really go to do great deeds.
You almost interject about the accomplishments of the famous people on Earth who share your name.
But it's not like you've ever really done anything, personally, so you bite your tongue.
Besides! Didn't you want to be someone else?
Her question is genuine in a way children's questions often are, but your pulse quickens all the same.
What do you mean?
...How did you know that?
Oh, it's a condition for my spell. I can only summon willing souls. It only works if you don't want to be who or where you are.
I wouldn't want to pull you here if you were happy back home.
Soul magic like that makes me feel icky.
This line of conversation is making you think about yourself more critically than is comfortable.
You change the subject again.
What about my body here, then? Shouldn't I be soft, small, and full of cotton stuffing or something?
Nope! I tried this spell before with lower quality stuff, but... it didn't work out.
I HAD a rocking horse.
Maple Stirrup, you will be remembered.
I didn't really expect it to work with YOU either, but it's probably because Mom made Jophiel for me.
She's a much more powerful Sorceress than me, so you must be made of quality stuff!
As soon as your soul took root, you became big like that!
Wow. Okay. So many questions about that. A lot to unpack there.
You sense an opportunity. If her mother is a powerful sorceress as well, maybe she could fix whatever is going on here and send you home?
So, uh, your mom is around then? I think we might be in need of some parental supervision.
No, Mom is away conducting her research. She's been away for a while. It's just me here while she's gone.
Aria's smile falls away for the first time since you woke. Her clear discomfort around this question gives you pause, but you push ahead regardless.
Oh, well, if she's been away for a while then that must be our quest? Let's go and find your mom!
No, I'm forbidden from interfering with Mom's work.
Oh. Then-
Our quest is something of far greater, far NOBLER importance!
Well, maybe-
Within this forest lies a creature foul and perverse.
To battle it is to court danger.
To challenge it is foolhardiness personified.
BUT IT MUST BE DONE! THE BOG BEAST MUST BE CAPTURED!
AND IF IT IS NOT BY OUR HAND, THEN BY WHOSE!?
Anyone's! Yours! But not mine! I don't even have hands!?
But I'm not allowed in the forest without supervision.
And Mom is never around to supervise me.
But you're an adult. You could supervise me...
This conversation is going nowhere. Or, at least, nowhere you want to go.
Aria, please. I understand you're bored, and maybe a little lonely, but I can't stay here, okay?
I need to go home.
...
I understand.
Okay, good-
If that's what you really want, I will send you home.
I promise.
...
But I can only open a gate between worlds when the borders are thinnest.
You feel a sinking weight in your stomach.
When's that?
Dawn and Dusk.
I can't send you home until tonight.
The weight in your stomach grows.
So, since I can't send you back yet anyways...
And I still need adult supervision...
You swallow hard and sigh. Her big eyes look up at you full of hope.
When was the last time you looked at anything like that?
Well, I've never been on any quests before. Certainly haven't encountered any bog beasts, so I don't know how much help I'll be.
Even as you're speaking, you recognize that there isn't really a choice here.
You can whine and drag your feet, but the little girl in front of you is powerful enough to summon you from another world, apparently.
If she wants to go on a quest, you're going on a quest. You can't even get her to call you by your actual name.
But first, before any questing, my name-
Jophiel.
Serena.
Jophiel.
...
Jo.
...
So, where is this bog beast anyhow?
The bog beast slumbers in the murk at the heart of this very forest.
So... Maybe 20 minutes?
More like an hour. I've got little legs.
You consider the young girl in front of you. Her smile reaches her ears.
Even if you had a choice in any of this, you'd have a tough time saying no to those bright green eyes.
Better get moving then.
With glee, she rushes to the window, throws it open, and lets down her sheets. You realize now that they've already been tied nicely for such a purpose.
Down we go!
We're not gonna use the door?
Mom will know if we go that way! Besides, going out the window is how you always start an adventure!
She throws you one last smile before sliding over the sill and down out of sight.
You sigh once more as you toss your own leg over and look down. The house is only one floor, plus this attic, so it isn't far to go.
Aria is near the forest edge a dozen meters away. She waves you on enthusiastically.
Just what have I gotten myself into?
The house you were summoned into is a small cottage in a clearing, surrounded on all sides by forest.
You leave it behind, still and silent, after watching Aria magic the bundled sheets back up through her window.
You walk through the brush at first but quickly hit a narrow path.
Aria runs ahead and back, to and fro, eyeing every tree, bush, and rock with profound interest.
Your mind wanders.
The more you walk, the more you're certain you don't {i}feel{/i} like a doll. Granted, you've never been a doll before, but you're pretty sure even the most carefully made dolls don't have vocal cords, or ears that twitch toward new sounds, or tails that swish to keep balance, or stomachs that flip every time the girl in the witch hat rounds a bend out of your sight.
Even your paws... they {i}are{/i} paws, complete with retractable claws just like a cat would have. But your... fingers? They curl and flex with more dexterity than you'd expect. You have no problem picking up and holding a stick when you try.
Your eyesight is better, too. You could never afford one of those 4K TVs, but you imagine they'd be like this. Colors seem brighter, details clearer. You can see and hear every leaf rustling in the breeze. It's a little overwhelming, actually.
Especially as you notice, these trees... they don't look like any trees you've ever seen. You're not a nature buff or anything, you doubt you could tell an oak from an aspen, but you've never seen leaves shaped like these, or bark that forms in quite this way. The forest is still a palette of greens and browns, sunlight filtering through the canopy and rippling across the forest floor, but even then... Is the sunlight a little more orange than you remember?
It's the moss on a stone you pass that finally does it. The moss is light purple, studded with tiny blooms of the deepest blue you've ever seen in a plant. It's the sort of thing you'd expect to see at the bottom of the ocean, or maybe on an alien planet in a video game, but not here. You reach out to touch it, and it feels just like moss. You scratch some of it off the stone with your dexterous new claws. It falls to the ground in a small clump.





You didn't realize it until now, but some part of you was treating all of this as an extremely vivid dream.

Even as you settled into this new body.

Even as a child explained the rules of soul-summoning.

Even as you watched that same child do actual magic in front of you, effortlessly levitating those sheets.
Holy shit.
This is real. This is actually happening.
Yeah! Isn't it great?
You'd whispered it to yourself, unaware that Aria had ambled her way back to you.
At her voice, you jump slightly. Your tail puffs out as every hair stands on end.
This is the Great Weald where the Queen oversees her realm.
Its beauty only tarnished by the darkness that lurks in its deepest depths.
... The Bog Beast?
THE BOG BEAST!
Aria sprints forward again, disappearing from view.
You glance around again. The trees rustle with another breeze. Slowly, your tail smooths out again.
Hardly expecting a response, you cup your paws together around your mouth and call out.
Do you actually know where we're going?
Yep!
Shi- uh, geez! Hi, Aria.
How do you know the way? Do you walk out here with your mom sometimes?
No, this is my first time.
Okay. So, then... are you {i}sure{/i} you know where we're going? This is, um... the Great Weald, after all. Seems pretty big. Easy to get lost.
It's gigantic!
But don't worry, Jophiel. I have this!
She holds up something smooth, ornate, and reflective. As she turns it, it catches a beam of sunlight.
A mirror?
A {i}magic{/i} mirror. It shows anything I ask it to. That's how I've kept track of the bog beast, deep in his murky lair.
That's how I know about your world too. Your people have strange magic.
I like watching the big colorful monsters chase each other around. Why do you let them eat you?
I don't... what? What monsters?
You know, the big shiny ones! They have black feet that roll, and sometimes they beep like weird birds!
And people jump right into their mouths, but I've seen the monsters spit them out too. They're all over the place there.
They even sleep outside your houses at night. Are they your pets?
Are... are you talking about cars?
Are you a beast-master? Do you and these 'cars' share a special bond?
Uh... no.
Cars aren't beasts, they're not alive.
They're just machines.
What's a 'machine'?
It's a tool. A big, complicated tool.
I do drive one for work, but I kind of hate it.
Oh. They seem neat, but maybe that's just through the mirror.
I mean, there are some nice cars. I originally started my job to save for a good one.
But now I think I'd be happiest to never get in a car again.
...Does it stink in their mouth?
They're still not alive.
...but yes.
Not every car-mancer does, but I'd like to think me and my car have a special bond, yeah.
Really? What's their name?
Well, the breed is what's known locally as a 'Prius', which is kind of a thoroughbred for my job.
So, I named him Seabiscuit after this famous racehorse.
Which is funny because he is {i}not{/i} fast.
But he is efficient! Which counts for something.
Wow. I've never met a horse, but I asked Mom for a tuna one time.
A tuna? Like, the fish?
Yep! I dug a pit back behind the house and filled it with water.
I thought she'd bring it home alive, but it was already dead. She didn't see much of a difference either way.
I really wanted to see it swim around in the pool I dug, though, so I re-animated it!
I got up early every day to re-apply the spell, but Mom only let me keep it until it started to stink.
Sounds like one heck of a birthday present.
Birthday?
Oh. Maybe they don't have those here.
In my world, every year, your friends and family celebrate the day you were born.
They give you gifts, you might eat a cake together, that kind of thing.
Gifts, huh?
Hmm... I'd love to have my own familiar someday.
A living one, I mean. I'd feed it and take it for walks.
Like the tuna!
If it was pretty small, it could even live in my room with me.
Does it get pretty lonely with your mom being gone like she is?
Yeah sometimes she's gone for a really long time.
I'd get pretty bored and hungry, but eventually I discovered how to create food with magic, and Mom gave me my mirror to see the world.
But she always says it's too dangerous for me to go out on my own.
So, I'm really glad you're here with me now!
It's nice to have someone to talk to.
She's putting on a brave face, but you can connect with the deep loneliness it's covering.
You've often felt it yourself. When was the last time you spoke to someone, really?
Your chat is cut short by crunching brush. Your ears swivel automatically to the sound.
You hear two sets of feet approaching, one larger, one small.
You have only a moment to stop and marvel at just how much your new ears can tell you before you get their voices too.
No, I'm telling you it's not possible! The gouges are too deep for a bear!
And I'm saying you don't even hang out with bears! I've met some pretty big bears.
I had a nursery mate, a fir, who was the local rub tree for some real grizzly types.
They'd take whole chunks out of him sometimes, but, like, he never gave his safe word or anything, so I think it was all above board.
Above {i}BOARD{/i}? ...Was that a pun, Toorg? You know how I feel about puns.
Aw, come on Gerald, I know you've got a sense of humor in there somewhere.
No room. Too much anger, too little body.
A gnomish sort pushes past a tree and into view.
...then the tree pushes past the gnome. The tree-person??
Their conversation trails off as they meet your gaze.
Oh!! Greetings fellow travelers! 'Tis fate that must have brought us together.
I am Aria of the Weald Queen's court!
And this is {i}Jophiel the Duskborn, catfolk master thi-{/i}
It's just Jo. I'm chaperoning.
We are bound by venerable purpose.
We have set upon a {shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}MIGHTY QUEST!{/shader}
Yeah, so-
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}WE SEEK TO CAPTURE THE TERRIBLE BOG BEAST! FATED COMPATRIOTS, WILL YOU JOIN US IN THIS QUEST, OR ARE YE COWARDS?!{/shader}
Hey, whoa, chill kid. We've got some purpose of our own.
I'd even say it's at least a little venerable, too.
Yeah, Toorg and I, we're mercen- {i}Adventurers{/i} passing through the Kaistr Weald. We slept at the Beard & Brew in town last night.
Barkeep there said this neck of the woods is pretty dangerous.
Some kind of "green-eyed demon" been spotted, folks disappeared.
The town is offering a bounty for the creature, so we're hunting it.
A green-eyed demon??
Heh, I have green eyes.
Wait... I HAVE GREEN EYES!
I'm fearsome!
You must be looking for me!
Beware! I will not go quietly.
You glance down at the girl, then at the adventurers.
Aria, didn't you say this is your first time out here?
Well, yeah.
That would make it pretty difficult to make anyone disappear from the woods, don't you think?
Yeah...
She says it sadly, like you've knocked the wind from her sails.
Your partner's got a point. A few of them, actually.
He nods toward your paws. You hadn't realized it, but your claws had extended as they approached.
And while they might be packing some potent scratchers, I don't think you're capable of that kind of damage, kiddo.
The gnome gestures to a thick trunk nearby. It's bark has been raked through, leaving deep gouges in the hard wood underneath.
(pouting) I could do it with magic.
It would take you most of a day with an axe to {i}start{/i} to do that kind of damage to a tree of that size.
You weren't sure how much to believe about the young girl's childish tale,
but you're starting to worry this Bog Beast business may be more than you bargained for.
Hey, maybe your Bog Beast and this Green-Eyed Demon are the same?
We could use some more hands against such a dangerous foe.
Hmm... more company on our quest {i}WOULD{/i} be grand, but I can't hold my fellow adventurers back from their own.
The Bog Beast doesn't have green eyes, and it has no teeth or claws among its horrors that could do this.
Ah. Great. Of course it doesn't.
Well, the Barkeep didn't mention a bounty for a Bog Beast, anywho.
Best of luck on your Quest, child! We must BRANCH out from here on our own.
Alright, if you've got time to pun you've got time to march.
Let's widen our search for more signs of this demon.
The two of them crunch off through the brush, deeper into the woods.
That was a fun break! But I hope you're ready, Jo!
Soon we shall greet our {shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}destined foe!{/shader}
You swallow hard and step nervously after her.
The trees thin out and give way to reeds and bullrush. The ground under your feet grows muddy as you approach a murky pond, bright sunlight glinting off the water.
Cricket chirps and frog song mingle on the gentle breeze. Patches of reeds sway gently, lining placid waters.
Aria is clambering across the ground on all fours, her face obscured by cattails.
She gestures for you to crouch down next to her. You step gingerly to keep your feet from sinking in the muck.
She whispers in your general direction as she peers through the reeds, but she doesn't turn her face.
We're upon him now.
I can smell him on the wind.
I can hear his slumbering breaths.
She gasps, a small delicate thing.
Be still, he hasn't noticed us yet.
You peer over her shoulder, trying to see what she sees.
You whisper back.
What am I looking for?
Your mind spins with images of prehistoric behemoths, of shambling masses of vine and thorn, of every cryptid ever caught on blurry film.
Glimpses of half-submerged reeds morph into sharpened dorsal spines. Moss riddled logs conceal bristling fur, crouching beasts coiled to pounce.
{i}His stench is his first line of defense.{/i}
{i}The scent has felled many a party before they ever reached him.{/i}
{i}Stomaching that, his next danger is his thundering, guttural call.{/i}
{i}It echoes in your mind, driving you to {shader=jitter:1.0,1.0}madness.{/shader}{/i}
{i}All of that is but harbinger of what he is capable of.{/i}
{i}His true talent lies in his camouflage. His bark-like skin is perfectly suited to ambush.{/i}
{i}He watches the world with patient, cunning eyes.{/i}
{i}No one who dares observe him lives to tell the tale.{/i}
{i}And yet, {shader=jitter:2.0,2.0}I see him now!{/shader}{/i}
Your fur stands on end, and you feel a hiss building in the back of your throat.
Your eyes dilate to the extreme, taking in every swishing reed, every rocking lily pad.
Where is he? In the water? In the trees?
{i}He reclines, perched upon his verdant throne.{/i}
{i}His mighty thighs and the crown of his brow are adorned with horns.{/i}
{i}Every muscle ripples, tensed for war!{/i}
A large toad on a lily pad catches a passing bug, tongue flashing briefly.
Aria dives into the reeds.
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}HE'S SEEN US! Now, Jophiel!!{/shader}
'Now' WHAT!? All I see is some toad!
So, what are you going to name him?
You and Aria left the secluded bog, returning to something like a path through the forest. Or the weald, as the young girl calls it.
The sun is high above you now, sending bright yellow-orange tinted light down through the trees.
Aria holds up the "Bog Beast," examining him with a tilt of her head.
Hmm... Well, a formidable warrior such as this one deserves an equally fearsome name.
The large angry-looking toad croaks at her, but makes no attempt to wriggle out of her grasp.
I know!
She stops walking, so suddenly that you nearly run into her.
Jophiel! Since you helped so much in our quest, you deserve the honor of naming our new companion!
How about "[bogbeastname]"?
I love it!
She clears her throat, then brings the toad close, looking him in the eye, snout to snout.
Oh mighty Bog Beast, stalwart guardian of the Weald Queen's domain...
Thy name is...
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}[bogbeastname]!!!{/shader}
*Ribbit*
He loves it too!
Excellent choice, Jophiel.
Happy to help.
You resume walking together. Aria holds [bogbeastname] in her hands for a while before the toad begins to struggle.
What's wrong, [bogbeastname]? Do you need to use the little bog beast's room?
She grips him a little tighter. The toad produces a slightly angrier croak.
You remember reading a book about parenting, back when you thought you might have kids one day.
It said, {i}Children have to learn to be kind to others.{/i}
You remember her story about the tuna, the undead fish swimming around in a pit until it began to stink.
"{i}Mom didn't see much of a difference either way,"{/i}
Aria had said.
Hey, if he wants you to let him go, you have to let him go.
B... But I don't want him to run away!
You nod seriously, and bite your lip to keep from smiling. You feel for this kid. It took you until your last breakup to finally learn this lesson yourself.
You kneel down next to her so that you can look her face to face. You gently place your hands over hers.
You can't make anyone stay in your life unless they want to, Aria.
If you give them the choice to stay, and they decide to leave, that's sad, but it's okay. It isn't your fault.
You pause. The toad wriggles, but she isn't holding him so tightly that she'll hurt him.
She seems to be considering your words.
Now if they want to leave, and you don't let them... well, you know how it feels when you're forced to do something you don't want to do, right?
Yeah...
She squeezes just a little tighter, for a moment.
Then she sets the toad on the ground.
*Ribbit*
The toad looks around himself, then hops into a nearby fern.
Aria sighs, and sniffles.
I bet he can still hear you. Do you want to tell him anything before he goes?
Bye, [bogbeastname]. I really wanted you to be my familiar.
...
But if you want to keep guarding your lair, I guess that's okay too.
He is the Weald Queen's stalwart guardian, after all.
Yeah. He probably has lots of responsibilities.
Definitely.
All at once, the young girl hugs you. The surprise of it nearly knocks you over.
You're soft at first, worried a stray claw might dig into her if you aren't careful.
But, after a moment, you hold her as tightly as she holds you.
She's so small.
Her heart beats so fast. Her arms feel so fragile around your neck.
Eventually she releases you, and you let her go.
The hug shouldn't surprise you so much. You're her favorite doll, after all. Who else would she go to for comfort?
Even so, you can't bring yourself to hug her back. You just let her hold you until she's ready to let go.
Gradually, she does.
You did good. That's a tough thing to do, but it's important.
She sniffles.
I'm going to be alone again.
Only for a little while. Just until your mom comes back. Right?
She's quiet for a long time.
She's quiet for long enough that you start to wonder if that was the wrong thing to say, somehow.
That's all this was, wasn't it?
Keeping a bored, magical little girl entertained? Keeping her company while Mom is away?
You didn't sign up for any of this. You only barely signed up to take her on this quest. And only because you had no other choice.
She brought you into this world, and she's your only way back.
You stand up, and dust a fallen leaf off your shoulder.
Well...
You're not alone right now. I'm here with you. And it isn't sundown yet.
So, where to next?
She watches you for a moment. The color gradually returning to her cheeks, her breath evening.
There's a town not too far from here.
Upon accomplishing our quest, we should eat together together to celebrate.
Food is good. How far?
Twenty minutes?
Hmmm... I've still got...
Right. Got it. Little legs.
Yeah.
This way!
She rushes off. You follow.
You walk all of three minutes before stopping again.
You notice the stillness first, your whiskers twitching in the suddenly silent forest. You reach out to stop Aria, but she sees it now too.
Like a gash ripped through skin, the trees and underbrush in front of you are slashed and torn apart. Tree trunks lay with clumps of dirt caught in their newly unearthed roots, the leaves on the branches still green where they haven't been shaken off completely.
One of the upturned trees has claw marks like the ones Toorg and Gerald pointed out. Others are hardly recognizable as trees at all.
Aria's voice is even softer than it was by the pond.
What do you think did that?
No idea. Let's try not to find out.
But-
You put a hand to her back and turn her away from the arboreal massacre.
One adventure per meal. Feast first, then we'll see about this. Only fair, right?
Okay...
She sighs, but her stomach rumbles pitifully.
You glance back as you walk away.
You hope you distracted her before she noticed the bag hanging in the branches of the clawed tree.
The bag that you're certain Gerald was wearing earlier.
The Beard & Brew is mostly empty when you and Aria make your way inside.
It sits on the forest-side edge of a small, but respectable village. Thatch, Wood, and plaster homes and businesses dot a mercantile square. Just beyond lies cleared land littered with ripe green and gold crops, swaying in the breeze.
A simple, but wide and well-maintained dirt road snakes through the buildings. It comes from over distant hills and continues off into a different part of the forest. One you haven't spent the better part of your day traipsing through.
You passed a broad sign calling the settlement Woldthwaite. It's a mouthful and you doubt you'll remember it.
It's a nice day around supper time.
Why it is so empty in here...?
You don't quite realize you've said your thought aloud until the bartender responds.
WELCOME IN! 'Tis a beautiful day out!
Most of the folks in town are gathering in the square.
Talkin' about what to do regardin' the business in the Weald.
And there's hardly a visitor passin' through this year, exceptin' yourself I suppose!
Truth be told, I didn't expect to see you back so soon, if at all.
You peer down at Aria who is staring open-mouthed at the Minotaur behind the bar and his sparkling shelves of bottles.
I thought you said you'd never been in town before, Aria?
I haven't.
This is my first time this far from home since I moved here with mom.
Uhh... sorry, sir. This is our first time in. It's a lovely place you have here, though.
Thank ye~
And my gravest apologies, 'tis rare to see a cat-folk in these parts.
And you're the spittin' image of one who passed through less than a dozen moons ago.
The Marquis had hired them to map the Kaistr Weald. Something about a land survey and resource bookkeeping.
Not the domain of an old keg-head like me!
You don't quite know what to make of any of that, but before you can form a question Aria steps forward.
Hail and well-met, oh tavern-keeper!
I am Aria of the deep Weald, and this is {shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}{i}Jophiel, the Duskbo-{/i}{/shader}
Hi, I'm Jo. This is Aria. We live off in the forest North of here.
Just came into town for a drink and meal after a loooong day.
Upon the conclusion of our {i}GRAND QUEST{/i}, our bellies did rumble and our throats did thirst.
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}WE MUST CELEBRATE WITH A FEAST! AND TANKARDS OF YOUR FINEST MEAD!{/shader}
Please ignore that. She's very excited and also very much shouldn't be given alcohol.
We would love a plate or bowl of whatever you have hot, and a couple glasses of...
Beer!
...Milk?
Not, uh, because I'm a cat. Er, cat-folk.
I just saw some cows in those fields, and she's a growing girl.
And I think she mostly just drinks water made from magic which can't be great for you.
The Minotaur nods and gives you a wink with a wry chuckle.
Not a problem, I keep some in the storehouse out back. Give me just a moment.
He disappears from view and your stomach grumbles.
You pat your hip where normally your wallet would be.
Uhh... Aria?
Do you, perhaps, have any money?
Nope.
But fear not, Jophiel!
I prepared for this.
She pulls out a large lumpy black stone and sets it on the counter.
Her eyes flash and the room briefly fills with light. You recoil, but when your eyes stop watering you see a beautiful gem sitting where the rock was.
Ta-da! Transmutation!
Your brain races to consider how this child could disrupt whole economies.
Uhh, wow. That looks great, Aria, but it might be a bit much.
Oh, Jophiel, this is merely their cut of the spoils for sponsoring our expedition!
She pats her stomach.
You don't think they deserve any less, do you?
Ah, no. I suppose when you put it that way...
A meal isn't exactly a sponsorship, and this hastily made gem isn't exactly a spoil of your quest, but you are too hungry to argue.
The barkeep returns with two mugs and fills a couple bowls with a heavenly smelling soup from a warm pot behind the counter.
Here you are, DIG IN!
The soup was hearty and filling, and the milk was a bit lukewarm but satisfied a deep craving you were unsure you'd want to admit to.
Wow, I'm stuffed.
Yeah, that really hit the spot, huh?
Definitely! That was my first soup!
Really? Being a witch- uh, sorceress and all, I kind of expected you to have a big cauldron at home.
Figured your mom was the soup type.
No. Mom used to bring me berries and mushrooms from the forest, but I'm {i}"old enough to make my own food"{/i} now.
She says she doesn't have to eat food and I need to grow past this sooner or later, so I've never had a meal like this before.
It was soooooo goood!!
You don't know what to make of Aria's mother, given this world you find yourself in.
It'd be definite neglect to not provide a child with food where you're from, but this is a world where a little girl can conjure some from thin air.
Aria doesn't seem to have a great grasp of what's normal here, and neither do you, you're realizing.
Tomorrow, we should come back here!
Or, maybe, we forage and make some soup!
Find a cauldron of our own!
Soup is actually one of the only things I know how to make.
I'm no pro in the kitchen, but I took a food prep class in community college.
We could try-
You trail off, feeling like you're forgetting something as you notice the lengthening shadows cast by the window.
The sun is still up, but dusk isn't long, now.
In all the excitement of the day, you'd almost forgotten your deal. The time to go back home is almost here.
We should try heading back to your house. It'll be dusk here in an hour or so.
Oh.
Right.
I'm sorry, I forgot about our promise.
...
...
I guess I won't get to try your soup?
She looks at you, and she hesitates.
Unless...
Unless, maybe, you stayed?
For just a few more days?
I could send you home at any dawn or dusk, it doesn't have to be tonight.
What is your life back home, really?
You live on your own in the small flat your grandmother left you in her will.
Your cheap car is paid off. Your job is just gig work. There's hardly anything in the fridge to spoil.
You have nothing pressing, not even a house plant to water.
Without realizing it, you'd already molded your life into a shape you could leave at any time.
A break from your rut, maybe even a long one, could be for the best.
Today hasn't been a relaxing one. You woke up in a strange place with a strange body and a strange child. Most of the day has been exhausting hiking through dense woods.
But it all feels a little less strange now, and you feel... satisfied? Maybe happier, too, than you have in ages.
You know, I'm not sure I'm in such a rush anymore.
I could stay for a while.
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}REALLY?!{/shader}
Yeah, really.
We should probably make our way back before dark, though.
You had expected this, to a degree. The thought had even crossed your mind about staying.
But this world, this body, it is all so unfamiliar to you.
It isn't home.
While you may be in a bit of a rut back on Earth, visiting here and spending time with Aria has reminded you that truly anything is possible.
Running away to this magical land will not change your life for the better, you have to go back and make those changes for yourself.
And maybe you'll fail again, or it won't work out like you hoped. But it will be your life to live, not one that anyone else would make for you.
Resolved, you see the longing in her eyes, and you know what you say next will break her heart a little.
You also know that life comes with heartbreak as part of the package. You do your best to soften the blow.
Aria, I've really enjoyed today. Together we subdued the mighty Bog Beast!
I was in a rough spot when you pulled me here, but just like [bogbeastname], I have a place I have to return to.
Will you take me home?
Yeah. I can do that.
Before you can stand up to pay or leave, the buckle on Aria's hat begins to glow.
Oh, oh, OH! Oh, no.
Mom's home.
The buckle glows brighter, and with a flash Aria is gone.
Uh, Aria???
{shader=jitter:3.0,3.0}Aria!?!{/shader}
What in the gods was that? Teleportation?
Uhhh, I'm really not sure. Maybe?
She is a sorceress. Said her mom was too. Mom lives out in the forest doing some kind of research in the area?
Out in the Weald? Didn't figure anyone lived out there. There's nothing but trees between here and Rimmond.
The woods have always been dangerous, but the last few years have been fraught with disappearances and strange sightings.
Yeah, some Green-Eyed Demon, right?
We met a short guy and a... tree-person? They mentioned something like that.
Aye. They sent me a message by bluebird earlier.
Said they had found a clear set of signs, a trail deeper into the Weald.
Never did hear more.
That's the business the town is discussing in the square.
Talk is, a posse of seasoned hunters and retired knights from the farmholds around here were going to head out before dark.
I intend to close up here and go with them. If that girl and her mother are out there, they may know a thing or two... or be in danger themselves.
Your only ticket home is with Aria or her mom. Whatever the danger, you've got to make it back there tonight.
Aria disappearing wasn't a wrinkle you expected when you said you'd stay.
But if Aria's mom is back and you're going to stick around...
Well, it would be good to cover everything with her anyways.
Sounds like you have an idea of where they're living. Care to join our posse tonight?
In your mind's eye, you see the ruined bit of forest again. Gerald's bag hanging there.
Yeah, I'd feel better with some company. And I think I could find my way back to her place.
It's true. Perhaps because she summoned you here, you feel a gentle pull to the forest. Towards Aria.
More than just the physical, there is an intangible void left by Aria's absence.
When she's around, you're pulled along break-neck by her current. Her adventure games, her strange logic.
She has more zest for life in her little finger than you've felt in years.
With her gone, everything slows, and the unanswered questions of the day resurface in your mind.
Unease sets in as the sun drops lower on the horizon.
The posse from the town is larger than you expected, but less professional than the barkeep made it sound.
There are roughly two dozen able-bodied adults, mostly humans, which is somewhat surprising given Aria is the only human you'd interacted with today.
But there is only one spear and two real swords to go around, with a collection of sharp farm tools, heavy bits of lumber, and torches otherwise.
Some also carry bows, but they look distinctly hand-made and somewhat crudely at that.
This isn't a town of warriors. Apart from the barkeep, nobody else from the town even seems brave enough to talk to you, outsider and cat-person that you are.
The barkeep does more than make up for what the posse lacks, though. Both in might for your expedition and in conversation. He makes idle chatter with you about the recent harvest (quite good) and the regional taxes (too high).
When that topic is exhausted, he asks you about yourself, and your relationship to Aria. You lie hastily that you were hired to watch over her while her mom is away, although it was through an intermediary and you haven't actually met her mom, yet.
To support your story, you describe what you can of your day. Adventuring in the woods, meeting Toorg and Gerald, catching a toad, and coming to town. You fill him in as well on the damage you saw in the woods, and Gerald's bag you saw there.
He was quiet while you recounted your day, only nodding along and listening patiently to you prattle, but he speaks up now. He's abrupt with you for the first time today.
Why didn't you mention that earlier, at my tavern?
Sorry, I guess I should have. I just didn't want to scare the kid.
At the mention of Aria and the tavern, you remember the gem she made.
Oh, that's right! I also needed to give this to you. I forgot about it when she disappeared.
We didn't have any money to pay you for the meal and milk, so she made you this gem.
He accepts it from you with a deeply troubled look.
Yeah, I'm not sure if that's enough or really counts as currency? I can ask her mom to reimburse you, maybe?
This is... she made this? Out of what?
Uh, like a rock. A normal rock as far as I could tell.
He scrutinizes you like he's sizing you up. Your honesty, your capabilities, your intentions.
I'm sorry I don't have better answers for you. I know basically nothing about magic.
Well, I'm no mage myself, but I guarded the inner palace in Rimmond for many years before retiring.
No COURT mage could perform transmutation on this level so casually, never mind an apprentice of her age. That teleportation earlier too.
This girl is... something else.
I also kept something from you. There was more to the message I received from Gerald.
He said the markings seemed strategic rather than instinctual. A warning for people, not beasts. There were faint traces of magic, too.
I've been retired to Woldthwaite damn near 10 years. No head, no tail, no hide nor hair of anyone living out here in the Weald like this.
As he waits for your response, you realize this is where this conversation was always leading.
Under the cover of polite concern, he had extracted exactly what he needed to determine you were not a threat, and that Aria and her mother might be.
The child had green eyes, and I'd bet anything the mother does too.
You start to immediately stammer out a defense for Aria but you stop yourself.
You can't outright deny she's powerful, and you haven't even seen her mom. They may be right to be suspicious.
But you note the way the others in the posse have been watching you and listening to this conversation unfold. You see how they grip their weapons.
This posse is starting to feel more like a mob, and you're not sure which end of the pitchfork you'll end up on.

Aria may be deeply magical, but she's just a lonely child.
She only brought you here because you didn't want to be yourself. She took your lesson to heart and let [bogbeastname] go.
Even though it will mean her search for companionship continues, she's promised to honor your deal and send you home.
Although it has only been a day, she's become dear to you. You decided to stay here to care for her and find purpose for yourself.
She doesn't deserve a mob at her door.
Hey. Aria is just an innocent little kid. I spent the whole day with her.
Her magic may be the real deal, but she would never hurt anyone.
I think her mom might be kind of shit at being a mom, but I'm not going to bring a bunch of armed and angry assholes to her door on a hunch!
I'm sorry, Jophiel, but that {i}hunch{/i} is what we have, and we're going to pursue it to the end.
The air is still as the minotaur and the rest of the mob all watch you. A few of the members at the back start to shuffle around. Soon you'll be surrounded.
You don't give them the chance. You turn and run without another thought.
Despite their numbers advantage, you quickly lose them. It's simple, really.
Your eyes are made for the fading light. Your feet are lighter than theirs, and your footfalls are near silent even in all the brush.
Their rough voices calling for you to stop and wait have long faded away behind you when the trees grow too dense to traverse.
You stop, but the tugging in your chest still directs you forwards.
You scratch your head. You may not know this whole forest, but you {i}really{/i} don't remember this tight copse of trees here, so close to Aria's house.
You are searching for a way around when you hear a familiar croak.
*ribbit*
[bogbeastname] sits nonplussed at the base of one of the larger trees.
You take a step towards him, and when you do he jumps up and {i}through{/i} the solid tree as if it isn't there.
Uh... [bogbeastname]?
You reach out to the tree, and at first touch it feels real enough, but as you press on it the sensation of the bark surface starts to give way.
Hesitantly, you push your way through the tree, or the illusion of one. Your fur stands on end as you do, and you feel a strange pressure in your head.
It's similar to the pressure you'd feel right before your ears popped on a plane, only it's all through your skull, deep behind your eyes. It builds and builds.
Until it too pops, and you're on the other side. You see Aria's cottage, a thin trail of smoke rising from the chimney, the illusion warding you away now behind you.
Well, that explains why nobody has found the place.
I guess I'll go in through the door this time.
Unbidden, the image of Aria holding the toad too tightly comes to your mind.
And you recall her story about reviving the dead tuna to play with.
There is also, of course, the whole matter of kidnapping your soul and stuffing you in this body.
Aria has a great deal of power and very little in her life to make sure she uses it safely or responsibly.
Her mother isn't even around most of the time, it seems, and what you've heard of her secondhand is not exactly comforting.
There's the apparent neglect of her daughter, her suspcicious 'research.'
Aria even said that her mom doesn't see a lot of difference between the living and the dead.
There are a lot of red flags, and if she really is an incredible sorceress too... Well, the folks in town have a strong case to ask some more questions from the source.
You're... you're right to be suspicious, I think.
I have a lot of unanswered questions, too. I'll take us to her house.
Hopefully we can get some answers.
But I need you to promise me to do for them what you've done with me here. Ask questions first.
Of course! This is a hunt for a demon, and we'll not take any hasty action until we know more.
You choose to trust his words for now, but if anything starts going badly, you'll do everything you can to get Aria away to safety.
You decided to stay here for her, and you won't allow her to be hurt, not while she's in your care.
You choose to trust his words for now, but you start to wonder if your decision to say was such a good one after all.
You choose to trust his words for now. Maybe while they're busy talking with mom, you could have Aria send you home?
Following the tugging in your chest and your memories from the day, you lead the town towards the clearing where Aria's house is.
But in your path stands a dense copse of unfamiliar trees. Too dense to really fit through, and stretching on for some distance to either side.
Huh. That's weird. It should be right through here, but... I don't think these trees were here this morning.
Could be druid-craft at work. I think we've brought along an axe or two.
A few men step forward to take swings. When the first's axe connects with a tree, all of the trees shudder and burst into mist, popping almost like balloons.
Beyond, you see the familiar clearing, smoke rising from the home's chimney.
Strong warding. We'd best be careful as we continue on.
You follow after, a strong sinking pit in your stomach.
The front door to the small cottage has no lock. You suppose there's no need, or rather, the illusion you passed through {i}was{/i} the lock.
You quietly clear your throat as you swing the door open, intending to call out.
But the air within the cottage is silent, still, and any sound you were going to make dies in your throat.
It feels wrong to break this silence. Dangerous, somehow.
To your right is a small room with a hearth, fire barely smoldering, herbs drying on the mantle. A table and one chair are the room's only occupants. A curtain keeps most of the room in shadow from the fading sunlight.
In front of you is a staircase leading to Aria's room in the attic.
To your left is a narrow door just barely cracked open, a soft glow bleeding along the door's edge.
You're fairly certain that you'll find Aria in the attic.
Not only is it her room, but it's where the summoning circle is, and she did promise to send you home.
Your ears swivel and your whiskers twitch, on keen alert as you ascend the stairs.
The floorboards above you creak lightly, and you freeze.
You can almost peer over the lip of the floorboards, so you take one more step up.
The moment you do, two little hands wrench you up the rest of the stairs with surprising strength.
Jophiel!
She hugs you quickly, then lets go of everything but your hand.
I'm so glad you made it back safe!
When Mom summons me like that, there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry.
Hey, it's okay. Are you alright?
She nods quickly. Too quickly, as if she's trying to dismiss the question.
Your heart only recently settled from fleeing the mob in the woods begins race again as you approach the door.
Aria promised to take you home, and you know your ticket back is the ritual circle upstairs, but...
You need more answers than you have, and you know Aria can only tell you so much.
You gently pull open the door. A series of cold, stone stairs lead you down into the earth.
Every tuft of fur on your body stands, a warning. You push your fear aside and continue.
An acrid, foreign stench immediately assaults your nostrils. Followed by a smell you only know from visiting your grandmother in her final days.
It's the smell of death.
To one side is an empty caldron, a ritual circle, and a table of magical implements, tinctures, and tools.
To the other, bits of body and flesh, jars of pieces and parts, and dolls. Shrunken forms.
You step into the room, clutching at your mouth and nose. Your eyes are glued to the back. A shelf.
Two figures you unfortunately recognize the likeness of. A tree-person and a gnomish sort.
The bile you've been holding back stings your throat as tears of fear and frustration gather in the creases of your eyes.
